In September 2017, a Berlin theatre, Volksbühne, invited Boris Charmatz to put on a show on the tarmac of the former airport.
The choreographer from Rennes staged “Fous de danse”, a participatory dance performance.
We’re walking and we’re searching.
We are searching
for modern dance in the 20th century.
And what we suddenly find is this.
There is an exercise
which was very famous in the 80s
and which we’re going to do now.
It’s a contact exercise.
Choose a partner.
It’s a duet.
This went all over the world
throughout the dance scene and beyond.
And although some of us may have been born in the year 2000,
you may know this exercise.
Come closer, closer...